Reuben Cuben, recorded log 363,
Three weeks to sugar moon 2018,

The DocBlocks Complex

There are many Time Lords out there like The Doctor, The Master, The Corsair and many others but little is known about the Time Lord known as The Shopkeeper.
This Time Lord went missing before the great war. So we don't have much to go on, one thing we do know is that he ended up changing the history of this planet, just like The Doctor seems to always hang about Earth, The Shopkeeper always hung about this strange little planet that always reminded him of his Rubix cube that he lost one day and could never remember where, only thing he can remember about it was leaving it in his green fanny pack with his sweet sweet sugarcane and his Quantum USB Drive, He never found it. 

Our planets historians believe that The ShopKeeper was once visiting our little planet before we came out of the primordial soup and without knowing he dropped his fanny pack in to our soup changing the history of our planet for ever. Over the years other Time Lords have past our little planet and visited us and left things that showed a different history to the one we have now and even though there is not much difference in how we became and how our planets politics grew our planet has a different look in places, one of these changes is with the plant known as Pandoram, it got it's name form the old philosophers that would eat it raw and have visions and one thing they all agreed on was the word Pandoram-Sentory that they all believed they heard when they was on there little mind trips, there for the plant ended up been called Pandoram.

Over the years ancient text's have been found with what we believe to be recipes that include the Pandoram, no one really cared at this point in life and only a few people that still believed in The ShopKeeper are even wanting to learn these recipes. Well if your listening to this log I can tell you he's real I have met him, I am not going to tell you how to unlock the secrets embedded within our worlds DNA but I will say this, collect, experiment and enjoy the Pandoram.

This is where I started, good luck.

If you ever see a strange flying Green, yes I said green hay bail you might of knocked your head but at the same time you might of just seen The ShopKeeper flying by while still in the search for his missing items.


A message from The ShopKeeper, though I am still confused what it means. Sugarcane is life.

End of log.
